{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 I am thinking about a Supplement Tracking app.\uc0\u8232 The app asks users for basic info like name, age, gender, height, weight, etc.\u8232 It then creates a visual Supplement Stack showcasing all necessary supplements the user has and doesn't have. Maybe the missing ones can be greyed out or look like a ghost blurry supplement lol.\
It also creates a short and simple yet detailed easy-to-read lecture for every individual supplement that the user needs, like vitamin D, vitamin B, vitamin C, Magnesium, Lion's Mane, etc.\
It also creates a potential Nutrition course as well teaching all users basics on proper nutrition.\uc0\u8232 It also creates a Fasting/Diet course. It also creates a Workout plan like workout 5 days a week, full body every day, or 3 days a week doing a Push Pull Legs split.\
Essentially it creates an educational system for Supplements, Nutrition, Dieting/Fasting, and Working out. Besides the initial data collection and Education System, it allows the user to converse with the AI about these courses via a chatbot to ensure learning and understanding on a deeper level.\
It also Creates a Visual Supplement Stack to help with tracking what the user has and needs. It then will search Amazon and provide links to recommended products to buy that can satisfy the Supplement Stack. Lastly, it will create an alert system to ensure the user is properly taking the supplements daily.\
Ideally, this project aims to boost energy levels and optimize health by Educating the User on Supplements, Nutrition, Fasting/Dieting, Workouts, and by tracking the current supplement stack the user has, providing links to Amazon to buy missing ones, and creating the alert system to help the user remember to take their supplements.\
The project name we thought of was 
\f1\b PEAKMODE
\f0\b0 .\
}